# 7. Troubleshooting

1. Cannot connect to kidsblock?

   - Please ensure that no other programs occupy the communication serial port. If the Arduino IDE is not completely closed, it may occupies the serial port.
2. Arduino IDE serial port appears and disappears from time to time, frequently switching.
	- Please connect to an external power supply and try again.
3. An error of “uploading error: exit status 2” occurred when uploading code in Arduino IDE?

   - Serial port occupation issue: Please ensure that no other programs occupy the communication serial port.

   - Hardware issue: Check whether the cables and wiring of the main board are correctly connected and ensure that the board is working normally.
4. The ESP32 board is connected to the computer via a USB cable, yet no serial port is available?

   - Make sure the driver is installed. Check if there is a corresponding serial port in the “Device Manager”.
   - Try a new USB cable.
5. After burning the code, but the sensor/module does not work or the serial monitor cannot display the correct information?

   - Make sure that the pins in the code are consistent with the actual wiring.
6. The servo works abnormally?

   - Make sure the servo is initialized before installation and wired correctly.

   - Please connect to an external power supply.
7. The tone of the passive buzzer is inaccurate from the actual one?

   - This ordinary passive buzzer does not meet professional requirements.
8. The PIR motion sensor gives a false alarm?

   - Avoid strong light interference within the detection range, such as sunlight, car headlights, spotlights and other lighting sources.
9. Is the AHT20 temperature and humidity sensor waterproof?

   - The AHT20 sensor detects the temperature and humidity in the air. It is not waterproof. Please do not place the module in water.
10. The RFID module has no response when reading the card?

   - The UID in the code needs to be replaced with yours. Your UID code can be read in Project 7.1.
11. The software cannot be used after installation?
	   - To ensure the normal operation of all parts of the product, it is recommended to install the software and version consistent with that we mentioned. The latest version may be incompatible with library files, resulting in the product being unable to work normally.


11. Can all the code be burned in together?

    - No, the development board only supports burning one code at a time.

12. The WiFi cannot be connected?

    - Make sure that the WiFi name and password in the code have been replaced with yours.
    - Make sure your WiFi network is 2.4GHz. ESP32 does not support 5GHz WiFi.

13. There is no page when accessing the IP address?

    - Make sure the IP address is entered correctly.
    - Check whether your mobile phone/computer is on the same network as the ESP32.

